You know I think now that I'm looking at this what would probably be a good idea is to go ahead and
U-V map the cabinets here on this side of the kitchen on its own U-V map and then over here on this
side of the kitchen have it be its own U-V map and then have individual U-V maps for the stove and the
refrigerator and maybe even the sink as well that could be its own object with its own U-V map.
So that seems like a fairly logical way to split this up.
There are of course a lot of ways you could do it but I think for our purposes that's probably going
to be a good way to do it.
So if we're going to U-V map this side of the room lease the cabinets and the countertops for this side
of the room is a couple of things we need to do to clean up before we begin.
First of all I'd like to put a little backsplash right back here at the back of the counter so I'll
just take this piece here and I think I'll just duplicate it and I'll move it up and I will scale this
into shape for that backsplash.
It's probably going to be about let's say that wide and S and Z and maybe about that tall.
Let's see a frame up with the period key and let's see I think it could be a little bit taller.
And there we go.
Yeah I think that'll work.
I'll go ahead and take this and move it over to the other side I'll duplicate it and hit Y and move
it over here.
It looks like we could go ahead and extend this one all the way across like this.
I think that would be a backsplash behind the sink there and then let's go ahead and take this one that
we created first and duplicate and hit X and let's move this one over here.
All right.
So we have our one wall of cabinets here ready to go.
The next thing I'll do before I begin U-V mapping is try and take away everything I don't need like
back here we don't need the faces back here like that.
And this one as well so I'll go through and just remove all the faces in the back here and it's just
going to make it easier to a map.
In addition to removing unneeded polygons.
All right so I have those removed.
I see that I've forgotten to add that piece at the bottom this little indented piece here at the bottom.
Let's go ahead and add that I can grab this part of the cabinet right here and duplicate that.
Move it down.
I'll scale it in just a bit and then scale it in the z and we could probably put it right back here
like this.
All right so I will go ahead and remove the top and bottom faces here we don't need those.
That'll just make it more difficult to U-V map.
I'll hit the three key and the five key and let's bring this up in the here.
Saying like this
and I'll grab that face and just looks like it needs to be right about there.
OK.
So that I think will work for that.
We'll also want that over here on the other one.
So I'll go to the top view and with wireframe in orthographic view go ahead and duplicate this and hit
the x key and bring it over here and scale it down the X and we go all right.
So now we have those pieces in place as well.
I could probably go ahead and take this one duplicate it and move it over all swing it around the z
axis by R Z 180 and let's put it in over here.
So and move it all the way down.
With this face here I'll just move this all the way down to here.
OK.
So now we have those.
Now we can actually begin working on this side and U-V mapping.
I will also go ahead and take away the backs of the backsplash.
And the backs of the kitchen counter as well where the countertops we go.
So we don't have to deal with U-V mapping those.
Now it's possible that we could get rid of these faces down here.
We could also get rid of these faces up top.
I'm not sure though I'm going to go ahead and leave those.
There's maybe a 2 percent chance that we might ever see those.
But I'll go ahead and leave them as they are for now.
One thing about things like these handles here I'm going to delete these two for now.
And just use the map one of them.
And once this is U-V mapped then I'll duplicate it for all the others.
And each of the duplicate U-V islands in the U-V map will be underneath the original.
So they'll all be in one place now.
They'll all have the same texture on them because of that but I don't think that will be a problem since
they're so small in the scene.
I could also do that with these doors but I don't think I want to.
I would like these to have some grunge on them.
That is a little bit differentiated.
I don't want them to all look the same so I don't think I'm going to use the map.
One set of doors and then duplicate them all around.
I think that would look a little too repetitive.
So having said that let's go ahead and begin I think for ease of use.
I'm going to go ahead and try and get all of these in a different layer simply so it'll be a little
bit easier to work with.
I'll hit him and four and get these things over to the fourth layer him for get that one over there.
And then all of these as well I think so.
Grab them all.
And hit them and for one more there we go.
All right let's go over here and work on this.
I will go ahead and go to my U-V editing view my U.V. screen lay out and here I'll begin adding seams
for the U-V map.
Now for these here let's go ahead and tab into edit mode and take a look at these.
Do you think I can just hit you and unwrap and that will just work.
Let's see you and unwrap.
No it doesn't look like it will.
However I can apply my rotation control a scuse me my scale and then tab back into edit mode and hit
you and unwrap and see how that works.
That's not too bad although it's pulling quite a lot around the corners so to alleviate that.
I think what we need to do is add some seams here on each of the corners.
So I'll go through and do that and go ahead and mark the seams with control.
He and Mark seem and I'll mark these as well.
All right so now I'll choose these again you and wrap and that looks a little better.
So let's go through and do that again.
Now I could just duplicate this again but it's not too big of a hassle to just mark these seams.
Go ahead and do that all select all of these and unwrap those.
Now you can tell because these are square here like the cubit was when it was first created that the
scale hasn't been applied so I'll go ahead and apply the scale you and unwrap and that looks a lot better.
All right.
Let's keep going.
I'll go ahead and do these other doors in the same way.
All right so now we have the cabinet doors you have the map.
Let's go ahead and work on the cabinets.
The cases here.
Same process all go through and just mark the seams around the edges here and since we don't have a
back to them it's going to be a lot easier to work with.
And I will of course make sure that the scale is applied and unwrap that that looks good and I'll go
through and do that to all the others as well.
All right so I've got everything on the top.
U.V. mapped all go down and do the bottom part of the cabinets down here.
If we take a look at this particular piece the countertop I'm the press shift H and tab into edit mode
and for this I'm going to go ahead and split out this bottom piece.
Go ahead and Marcus seem right down here.
So that'll split out on its own and then go through and just mark the seams here.
And remember that there is no face back here so if I select everything.
Oh well let's go and apply our scale select everything and you and unwraps So there are the components
of that.
And it's the U-V island that has the wings on it here that is the top so we know which one is the top
and which one is the bottom.
So now it's just a matter of going through and doing the same thing for all the rest of the pieces.
And then once we're done with all that we'll take a look at getting all the islands into the zero to
one space here like we did before.
All right I've got each one of these pieces you've mapped now
here and now when I want to do is go ahead and combine all of these into one object.
I'm just going to select everything and then I'm going to press control J.
And then I will
tab into edit mode.
I'm going to go ahead and select everything and press you and unwrap.